hey guys it's meat man Gary I come
across this cool website I'm gonna put
the link in the description but I'm
going to show you how to use it what you
do is if you want your video to autoplay
and loop continuously inside of a
website or blog that accepts the HTML
code and this is the process that you'll
do in order to do this okay now what
you're going to do is you're going to
get out of your share options underneath
your video and you're going to go over
here to where your your URL is to your
video and you want to show options and
then you want to select the long link
because this this website that builds
the code for you won't accept the
shortcode so you want to make sure you
use the long link okay so what you do is
you select this all and you copy it and
then you're going to go to the link in
the description which will bring you to
here and then what you want to do is you
want to paste your URL right here and
then you want to
well whatever size that you would like
your video to be you can if you're not
sure that you can go back and you can
scroll down to see the dimensions on the
embed options here you know whatever you
want here is your embed options like 560
about 345 so we'll do that okay so we're
going to change that to 560 and
we're going to 3:45 put that there
now you can change your menu bars color
or your border color as well I'm not
going to do that in this video but I'm
going to continue showing you how to put
this code in okay now what you want to
do is you want to select you want to
auto play you want to play an HD you
want to loop it and auto play as well
now you can show the buttons
fullscreen you know or whatever the
video is information but you generate
the code and there it is you'll select
that code and as you can see it's
working okay so I'm going to pause that
video but yeah that's how you do it
you'll just select this code you'll
paste it where the HTML is and in your
website or blog that accepts the HTML
code and your video will start oh yeah
also make sure if you want your video
centered you want to select that but
you'll see that all the options that you
have and you're good to go
now I'm not sure if this is legal with
YouTube or not I'm not going to do it
but I thought I would show it to you
guys I mean I'm sure it is your it's
your video but as far as the if you run
ads or whatever you make might want to
check and make sure that that's allowed
with YouTube and all ok guys hope you
enjoy Thanks